
Ancestors - Deep Memories
Have you fallen out of rhythm with the world around you? Feeling disconnected from joy and well being? Your genetic memories link you to your ancient ancestors and their deep connections to the Earth. You can access these deep connections to reconnect you to the flow of life, to harmony with all.

Bear - Protection
Have you been feeling out of synch with your friends, family and community? It’s time for you to step into the flow again. Open your heart to forgiveness. Every action you take affects the energy around you. Negative thoughts take you away from harmony and connection to the Earth and her beings. 

Bleeding Heart - Grounding
The oracle is guiding you to remember that you are a healer. It could also signify a need to heal matters of the heart. Remember to draw energy from the Earth when you spend time outdoors to help you on your healing journey.

Butterfly - Metamorphosis
The oracle is reminding you that if you feel discouraged for not moving forward fast enough, remember that your heart is like the butterfly waiting to land and find its light and freedom. The journey may seem long but trust that you will reach a point of rest that will bring forth the beauty of your soul and your soul purpose. 

Cedar - Sacred Healing
Cedar reminds you that you are becoming a part of the history of the Earth with each day of your life. By drawing this card, you are asked to reconnect with your soul purpose and consider ways to be in alignment with that purpose. 

Cougar - Commitment
If you are feeling uncertain about which direction to take wait and assess the situation further. You will intuitively know when the time is right to commit completely to an action. This way you will be able to move forward with strength and integrity. 

Deer - Gentleness
Are you gentle with your inner child and/or your own children? When was the last time you allowed yourself to feel wonderment at the precious gift that your life is? When was the last time you honoured your sacred connections to Mother Earth?

Douglas Fir - Earth Memory
This card reminds you to live mindfully. If day-to-day life has become routine, Douglas Fir is a gentle reminder to consciously include the things that ‘light you up’ in your life. 

Dragonfly - Magic
Dragonfly reminds us not to forget the magic of being alive. Remember a time when you were spontaneous, when everything was a new adventure and new discoveries were around every corner. Life was exhilarating and filled with magic and new experiences. It is time to find your way back to your inner child, back to a time when you believed in magic and wonder. 

Eagle - Spirit Messenger
Eagle is a powerful ally and calls upon you to move through your difficulties with strength and bravery. Eagle reminds you to ask for Divine assistance. When you come upon difficulty be patient, circle a situation and observe the situation. When you are certain in your heart that you have found the correct direction move swiftly. Drop upon the opportunity like an Eagle from the sky.

Echinacea - Deep Healing
Deep magic is still alive and deeply enmeshed within the heart of each human being. You carry healing energy within your heart just as the Echinacea does. Where can you use your heart healing energy to create change in your or someone elses life?

Elk - Earth's Heartbeat
This card is asking you when was the last time you were in sync with your surroundings and with the Earth? Do you hear, and trust, the messages that are being delivered to you daily through your senses and your intuition? 

Fairy Slipper Orchid - Heart Song
Your song, your heart song, is sweet like the scent of the flower. As beautiful as the most beautiful flower. It whispers quietly from your very heart waiting for you to hear your soul song. Your purpose is to live this song, your song. 

Forget-Me-Not - Clear Seeing
This card asks us to be present in the moment and to begin to see the beauty of the small which reflects the beauty of the whole. It reminds you that you are a sacred being in the circle of life. You are as necessary to the unfolding of the world as the Forget-Me-Not flower is to the Earth. You are here to share the beauty and the presence of your soul. 

Fox - Authenticity
Fox says that you know what you need to do to live an authentic life. You know when you are in the authentic stream of life, for example, when your heart is filled with joy and you are lost in your sacred work. You know in your heart what you need to do to be in tune with the Earth and how to honour your own true heart. There is no time to hesitate. You must live to your fullest potential. You must become like the Fox. You must rely on your instincts to lead you to your life purpose. 

Foxglove - Listen
Foxglove asks that you take the time to look around you and learn to listen with your heart. Take note of what makes your heart sing. What touches your heart and makes you feel as if you are truly present on this Earth. What makes you feel aligned and not separate from the life force of the Earth? Do whatever it is that makes you aware and present in this life. Learn how to take the energy of the Earth and use it to create a life filled with joy.

Frog - Transformation
As you move from stage to stage in your life remember that you are divinely protected during this sacred time of transformation. The Earth and all her beings are assisting you as you move to greater awareness and understanding of your sacred calling. 

Grasshopper - Gathering
When you join like minded beings you can create great and sweeping change. Your energy united with other like-minded hearts can create a swath of change. Join together to create more love in the world, more understanding, more compassion. It is through this type of loving hive mind that swift and great change can manifest.

Hawk - Truth Seeker
The oracle is asking you what are you choosing not to see? What are you not being truthful about with yourself? It takes great courage to see the truth of a situation that is holding you back and to then release it. Call upon Hawk when you need guidance in seeing the truth. As you release that which is holding you back you will be able to move forward with greater ease.

Hermit Thrush - Soul Voice
Have you found yourself in a situation where it doesn’t feel safe to speak or to voice your opinion? The oracle is encouraging you to speak your truth and in the process regain your own power.

Honey Bee - Preservation
Are you feeling overwhelmed with all of the news regarding our environment? Do you feel helpless and uncertain how you can help? If we all take small steps in our own homes and yards we will become part of a collective, a hive of others who are also making changes to help the natural world, and ultimately ourselves. 

Hummingbird - Beauty
The oracle is asking you if you have taken time out for yourself lately? Have you stopped to rest and become grounded in your physical body and location? Are you missing the beauty of each day in your rush to go from place to place? Give yourself permission to just stop and ‘be’, to become centred and grounded in your heart.

Ladybug - Balance
Have you been feeling out of balance? When was the last time you were out in nature? When was the last time you felt the breeze on your cheek, really listened for, and heard, bird song or the buzz of bees? Take the time, make an appointment  with yourself, and visit a park or forest near you. Go for a walk and be mindful and present during this sacred time you are taking to become more balanced. 

Lotus - Enlightenment
Meditate on the Lotus. Immerse your being in the delicate beauty of the flower. You are like the Lotus. Your past and your journey to becoming are buried deep beneath the surface like the Lotus in the pond. Your heart is pure. You are loved. Your trials lead you to liberation and enlightenment. Your heart will flower like the Lotus as you move to awareness. Know that you are Divine Love. There is nothing to fear in this lifetime. You are spirit having human experience. The Lotus is a passage to the truth. Meditate like Buddha on the lotus blossom to find your way to enlightenment.

Lynx - Observation
As you move through your day take the time to observe quietly like the Lynx. If a situation feels alarming or uncomfortable then back away slowly. See if you can sense the reason that you are uncomfortable or threatened but not at the risk of your well being. Sometimes a situation calls for retreat. Gather your information and if a situation feels wrong in your gut then back away and slowly vanish like the Lynx in a forest. 

Maple - Harmony
The oracle is encouraging you to gather your energy together as you prepare to create changes in your life that will bring you into alignment and harmony with your life purpose. You are safe and protected as you begin to reach out and create a new structure for your life. 

Mouse - Purpose
Every being has a purpose, a special mission they carry within their soul, that only they can manifest into being. Have you discovered what your heart purpose is?  Have you allowed yourself to really listen to the call of your soul? It is safe to be the biggest and best possible you. It is time to emerge into your true purpose and to release your soul song for everyone to hear.

Mushroom - Forgotten Knowledge
Where in your life are you missing your connections to deep knowledge? Seek out the places that you are avoiding and hiding from yourself, for all parts of your being need to be acknowledged so that you can be balanced and whole.

Nighthawk - Trust
The oracle is asking that you be like the Nighthawk who entrusts her eggs to the Earth for protection. Trust that your dreams will be sheltered and nurtured. They will emerge when they are ready. No amount of forcing things on your part will make things go quicker. You must trust that as the Earth shelters and holds the future generations of Nighthawks. So to it holds and shelters you. 

Oak - Reconnection
The oracle reminds you to be aware of your deep connections to the Earth and all living beings. Practice walking softly upon the Earth being mindful of the resources you are using and how you are impacting the natural world around you. You are being reminded to spend time outdoors to reconnect and remember that you are not separate and apart from Earth’s beings.

Orca - Guidance
When was the last time you listened to a piece of beautiful music that moved your soul? The Orca guides you to take time to feed your soul so that you can access feelings of great love, peace and harmony. Once accessed these feelings will transfer over to all areas of your life. 

Owl - Vigilance
Be mindful like Owl. Listen carefully. Concentrate. Do not allow yourself to be distracted. Stay focused. Be vigilant. Scan the landscape, your world, for opportunities that you may not be seeing at first glance. Sit deeply with any decisions needing to be made. Wait. Observe. Do not rush. 

Rabbit - Swiftness
The oracle is asking you to be swift like the Rabbit once you’ve made your decision. You are protected and need not fear making a wrong decision. Do not clutter your mind with too many choices, questions or doubt. If you do your mind will be out of balance and you will not be able to make a decision clearly. Keep your mind clear so that you can act with the swiftness of Rabbit.

Raven - Loyalty
Be loyal to yourself, your heart, and to your family and not to collecting and hoarding objects that are not needed. Clean your nest. Get rid of things not needed. Clean house. Take stock of what you really need and don’t need. 

Robin - New Life
The colour blue corresponds to the throat chakra. Eggs are filled  with the promise of future generations, and symbolize ideas and hope. Shelter and cocoon your ideas for new life will come like spring time. 

Salamander - Mindfulness
Move cautiously. Be open to new routes, new ways of passage. Be mindful that you don’t get caught in a dead end. Always be looking ahead to the path and watch for twists and turns. 

Salmon - Renewal
It may seem like a way of living is ending. Perhaps a huge change is on your horizon. All new life requires that the old be purged and left behind. For renewal to happen you must let go of what is not serving you. Be grateful for whatever gifts you were able to share with others during the time you spent with them. Do not be afraid to move into a new phase of life, into a time of renewal.

Seal - Versatility
The oracle is reminding you to remain versatile. Do not commit yourself to living your life in a way that leaves you feeling unhappy or stuck. Strive to live your life in balance so that you can remain versatile moving from phase to phase with ease and joy. 

Snail - Tranquility
Have you been feeling unsupported and left out lately? Or feeling like you’ve been left behind or passed over for some reason. The oracle reminds you that you are a beautiful and precious being. You are sacred and here to experience love and  tranquility to the highest degree possible. Learn to still your mind and seek peace within yourself.

Spider - Destiny
The next time you see a spider web remember the message of Spider Woman and her loom. Dewdrops on the web are reminders of the many choices you will make along this life, this strand of your journey. There are no wrong choices!

Starfish - Awareness
What can you do in your everyday life to lessen the burden on the Earth, the water and all beings? Are there areas of your life that are polluted and needing to be cleaned? Every action you take towards clarity, every step you make towards living in respect of fellow beings brings the world closer to healing. It will take thousands of us to bring about change. Begin now.

Sylph - Creation
When the wind ruffles your hair or brushes against your skin remember that this wind is as old as time. The air is made of stardust and ancient voices and memories carried on the breeze. Each Sylph is part of a great whole, the wind, and together they can create destruction or peace and beautiful music. Humans can also create peace, beauty and understanding together or they can create destruction and fear and loss. Choose to create peace and love in your personal life and in the world.

Water Sprite - Guardian
You are safe and protected. Just as water has guardian spirits so do you. Do you feel the effects of the moon washing over you without being aware of what is causing your moods to change? Water is essential to our lives; our bodies are up to 75% water. Your body follows the rhythms of the moon which controls the tides. When you become aware of this monthly rhythm you begin to understand that you are interconnected with everything  around you in deep and ancient ways.


White Peony - Embodiment
The oracle is asking you to trust that the Universe will bring you all that you need to manifest your perfect life. It is asking you to become the embodiment of white light and love. 


Winter Rose - Promise
Do you have dreams lying dormant in your heart? The oracle is guiding you that it is time to release these dreams. Allow them to come out from hibernation to the light of day so that they can fulfill the promise of the future they hold. 


Wolf - Family Clan
Wolves live in packs, all working together as one. The life of a lone wolf is shortened by not having a pack for protection and belonging. The oracle is reminding you that humans are also like wolves. Do you have family, a circle of friends, who protect you and help you with your dreams? You are encouraged to repair broken relationships with family members. If that is not safe then it is time to find a new pack, a new family, who will protect and support your dreams. 

Wood Nymph - Sentinel
Have you been feeling tired and run down? You are being guided to spend time in nature, in a forest. Find a quiet place under a tree, close your eyes, open your ears to the sounds of nature,. Open your heart to allow the light of the forest to reactivate your heart light bringing you energy and healing.

Woodpecker - Secret Knowledge
Are there areas in your life that are unhealthy and causing your life, your body, to be out of balance? You are being guided to bring your awareness to these areas and clear out that which is causing you discomfort or emotional distress. 




console.log(Object.keys(getJsonItem("Wolf", cardInfo))[0]);
VM9419:1 Family Clan

console.log(Object.values(getJsonItem("Wolf", cardInfo))[0]);
VM9438:1 Wolves live in packs, all working together as one. The life of a lone wolf is shortened by not having a pack for protection and belonging. The oracle is reminding you that humans are also like wolves. Do you have family, a circle of friends, who protect you and help you with your dreams? You are encouraged to repair broken relationships with family members. If that is not safe then it is time to find a new pack, a new family, who will protect and support your dreams. 
